finance-en.md, before:

---
lang: en
pageid: finance
title: Finance, Payment Cards & Banking
description: Finance, Payments, and Swiss francs
---
# {{ page.title }}

## The currency
#### The Swiss franc
The Swiss franc is the currency of the Swiss Confederation and the Principality of Liechtenstein.
It is issued by the Swiss National Bank and is divided into 100 centimes.
Its abbreviation according to ISO 4217 is **CHF**, in German **Fr.**, in the other languages **fr.**

![Banknotes of Switzerland](/assets/img/banknoten.jpg)

## Open bank account
At the [Zürcher Kantonalbank ZKB](https://www.zkb.ch/de/hilfe/sc/wie-koennen-schutzbeduerftige-aus-der-ukraine-ein-konto-bei-der-.html), people in need of protection can open an account for their livelihood with their passport and permission S.


## Credit Cards
Credit cards can be used almost anywhere in Switzerland.
In addition to credit cards, direct transfers are still very common.
For instant payments between people and also for the online purchase of goods, Switzerland also has a tailor-made and widely used solution (mobile app) called TWINT.

- [Simply TWINT it](https://www.twint.ch/en/?lang=en)


## International Payments
For international payments and to maintain control over your credit card payments, we can also recommend revolut (RevolutApp). Revolut is available for Ukrainians and offers advanced control over their credit card, instant notification of payments, interbank exchange rates on weekdays it is free.

- [Revolut]({{ site.revolut }})[^referal]


<br/>

---
[^referal]: This is a referral link. The generated revenue will be used to fund the HelloUkraine.ch project.

Commit message:

Added a Link to free translation service and new Bank Account offer from Credit Suisse. finance UK/RU needs language review

finance-en.md, after:

---
lang: en
pageid: finance
title: Finance, Payment Cards & Banking
description: Finance, Payments, and Swiss francs
---
# {{ page.title }}

## The currency
#### The Swiss franc
The Swiss franc is the currency of the Swiss Confederation and the Principality of Liechtenstein.
It is issued by the Swiss National Bank and is divided into 100 centimes.
Its abbreviation according to ISO 4217 is **CHF**, in German **Fr.**, in the other languages **fr.**

![Banknotes of Switzerland](/assets/img/banknoten.jpg)

## Open bank account

In many Swiss banks people in need of protection can open an account for their livelihood with their passport and permission S:

- [Credit-Suisse](https://csx.credit-suisse.com/de/konto-karte/csx/csx-status-s.html) - Free account and bank card for the first 12 months 
- [Zürcher Kantonalbank ZKB](https://www.zkb.ch/de/hilfe/sc/wie-koennen-schutzbeduerftige-aus-der-ukraine-ein-konto-bei-der-.html) 



## Credit Cards
Credit cards can be used almost anywhere in Switzerland.
In addition to credit cards, direct transfers are still very common.
For instant payments between people and also for the online purchase of goods, Switzerland also has a tailor-made and widely used solution (mobile app) called TWINT.

- [Simply TWINT it](https://www.twint.ch/en/?lang=en)


## International Payments
For international payments and to maintain control over your credit card payments, we can also recommend revolut (RevolutApp). Revolut is available for Ukrainians and offers advanced control over their credit card, instant notification of payments, interbank exchange rates on weekdays it is free.

- [Revolut]({{ site.revolut }})[^referal]


<br/>

---
[^referal]: This is a referral link. The generated revenue will be used to fund the HelloUkraine.ch project.
